story recapped here today i'm going to show
you a 1998 fantasy comedy drama film called
pleasantville spoilers ahead watch out and take
care david and jennifer are twins that attend
the same high school both of them have varying
interests and are not entirely close to each other
david is socially awkward has few
friends and watches tv all the time
on the other hand jennifer
is one of the popular girls
she gives a lot of time fixing her appearance to
maintain her popularity among david's favorite
television show is pleasantville is a black and
white sitcom above the idyllic parker family
the stars are george his wife betty and their
teenage children but in mary sue david spends most
of his nights watching it and knows almost all the
facts about the program making him an expert on
every episode he plans to join the show marathon
so he can win a thousand dollar trivia contest
jennifer invites one of the popular guys at school
to come over to her house for the night as her mom
heads out of town they plan on watching an
mtv concert that will air at the same time
as pleasantville jennifer and david both get to
the living room and fight over the remote control
the remote eventually breaks leaving both of them
devastated apparently their new tv cannot operate
without a remote the doorbell rings jennifer
expects her date to arrive but instead it is an
old repairman who is mysteriously just in time for
their problem the twins feel suspicious toward the
old man coming uninvited out of nowhere he asks
david trivial questions about pleasantville to
which david answers perfectly this impresses the
man and hands over a brand new vintage looking
remote control before he leaves without charging
them anything david and jennifer resume fighting
one of them presses a button accidentally
and it transports them into the television
they end up in the parker's pleasantville
living room in a black and white world
david tries to reason with the old repairman
through the parker's old fashioned television
but he insists that pleasantville is much better
than the real world that they used to live in
without a choice in a way out david and jennifer
are forced to act as bud and mary sue respectively
in their kitchen medi forces them to finish a
hefty serving of breakfast before going to school
as they explore the peculiar town they are now in
they still argue how to find their way out weirdly
enough david knows what to say and how to act in
the town because he is an avid fan of the show
a fire truck passes by but fire does not exist
and firefighters merely save and rescue cats from
trees mary sue's love interest skip martin also
happens to pass by the street greeting jennifer
in an instant all her worries fade away and
she might just found a reason to stay and
enjoy pleasantville when they get to school david
briefs jennifer about her friends and introduces
them from afar he reminds her to stay in character
and not disrupt the wholesome town the citizens
of pleasantville are clueless and unaware that
anything exists outside of their town as all the
streets circle back with no escape while playing
basketball skip approaches david to ask him if
he could bring jennifer out on a date david tells
him that it isn't the right moment yet as mary sue
who is now played by jennifer is not yet herself
skip is saddened by this and goes about his day
in the school hallway david persuades jennifer to
go out with skip even just for once so the show's
original plot remains the same back home jennifer
gets ready for her date while david goes to the
soda shop where he works his boss is bill johnson
a friendly middle-aged man who owns the popular
diner jennifer and skip enter the diner for
their date and continue to get to know each other
she gets bored and asks skip to bring her
to the famous spot called lover's lane david
knows jennifer too well to read her plan in mind
and stop them from going but he fails skip and
jennifer continue to have an intimate moment she
exposes him to ways of making love although skip
gets confused about the unfamiliar feeling that
he felt for the first time jennifer tells him that
it is normal worried about the consequences david
rushes home to check if jennifer already got back
at home george and betty comfort david as he
seems anxious about his sister's whereabouts
also bill visits him after closing the shop
while the two are having a conversation
betty comes over to greet bill both of them seem
starstruck with each other as their eyes lock
meanwhile skip drops jennifer home on
the way to his house skip sees color for
the first time a red rose strange to this
feeling he admires the flower from his car
the following day david enters the gym and finds
the whole team gathering skip seems to be telling
his teammates what happened the night before david
confronts jennifer according to him she should not
change the ways of pleasantville and introduce
their peers to things from the real world
she disagrees and says that the town should know
about the things that could make them happy while
david figures a way to contact the old repairman
through the tv jennifer continues to have the
town under her charm and influence gradually some
areas of pleasantville change from black and white
to color including mundane things and the faces
of people who experience new bursts of emotion
citizens begin to grow suspicious as
colors continuously appear around town
one casual afternoon betty asks jennifer what
happens at lover's lane jennifer hesitates to
introduce the concept of making love to betty but
awkwardly she goes on to tell her what it is betty
tells her that george their father would never
do something like that however betty instructs
that there are other ways to pleasure herself that
night in the bathtub she does what jennifer taught
as she touches herself she sees color oddly the
tree in their front yard starts to burst in flames
however fire isn't something that
exists in the world of pleasantville
david calls the firefighters but they have
no idea what to do he takes the lead in
minimizing the fire as a result of this the
mayor big bob awards him a medal of bravery
after the ceremony margaret a schoolmate
approaches him and gives her the cookies she baked
this is david's first romantic interaction with a
girl including the real world in the diner david
enters as he is ready for work he finds out that
other teenagers are waiting for him to arrive
they ask about how he knew about putting off
fires where he used to live and so on his stories
amaze the ones at the diner he even introduces
literature to them storytelling the famous novel
the adventures of huckleberry finn upon telling
the story the once empty pages of the book begin
to fill up pleasantville begins changing rapidly
previously black and white objects and people
start to develop full and vibrant colors
only the town fathers remain unchanged the
group is led by the mayor big bob who sees the
changes as a threat to pleasantville's values
he proposes an idea to george about implementing
rules by offering him a position in the council
george calls betty to greet the mayor but
she hides in the kitchen as she starts to
turn chromatic david sees her crying and tries to
help by applying makeup on her face turning her
black and white again one day david brings bill
a book of paintings he starts to browse through
historical and iconic paintings through the years
this sparks a new interest and passion in him
for the first time david gathers his courage to
ask a girl out he approaches margaret to date
with him to which she agrees he runs back home
happily until he sees the old repairman ready
to communicate again after initially wanting to
leave david feels a sense of belonging he lacked
in the real world the repairman berates him for
altering the show so much david turns off the tv
relinquishing his ability to go home
to the real world in the process
david drives with margaret to lover's
lane and flowers begin to bloom in color
giving them a magical view the spot is entirely
in color as lovers surround the famous area
meanwhile betty takes a stroll around town she
stumbles upon one of bill's paintings displayed
outside his diner this catches her attention
making her go inside she sees bill painting
another artwork and asks him about it he shows
the book that david also known as bud got for him
bill realizes that betty is now colored
and tells her that she is beautiful
the both of them have a romantic moment
but they know that their love is forbidden
jennifer seems to change drastically in this
universe she prioritizes her studies and loves
learning skip comes over and invites her to lovers
lane but she declines which is very unlikely
on the same night rain pours over the town of
pleasantville for the very first time lightning
and thunder also occur leaving the citizens
shocked and scared but eventually they enjoy it
george gets home the fact that betty
isn't there to greet him and prepare
food disappoints him very much this triggers
george to meet up with his mates at the bowling
alley and do something about the situation in
their town they have an emergency meeting about
the unusual events their increasingly independent
wives rebellious children and how to address them
the following morning bill wakes up beside betty
with all his art materials scattered in the diner
jennifer wakes up and sees that she has
color george persuades betty to come to
the town meeting with him but she refuses taking
a stand she instructs george how to make his food
and he is shocked to hear those words from a woman
she meets up with bill once again at his diner
as the townsfolk and areas of town become more
and more colorful a ban on chromatic people is
initiated in public places the tv repairman tries
to contact david once again but he refuses to give
back the remote and return to the real world
while non-chromatic teenage boys harass betty
david comes to her rescue and chews them away in
that instant david turns colored as well meanwhile
a riot is sparked by bill's controversial
painting of betty on the window of his diner
the shop is destroyed books are burned and people
who are chromatic are provoked in the street
the town fathers forbid people from visiting the
library playing loud music or using colorful paint
david jennifer betty and other acquaintances visit
bill at his diner in ruins they help him clean
up and decide to have a meeting afterwards david
starts to grow into a leader advocating resistance
to the new code of conduct of pleasantville a list
of rules and regulations preventing people from
practicing their freedom that night david and bill
decide to paint a wall as a form of silent protest
because of this they are both arrested and
brought to court for violating the paint rules
david and bill deliver a heartfelt message in
front of the citizens about freedom and inequality
suddenly people in the courtroom change
colors and mayor bob leaves in shock when
his appearance changes eventually pleasantville
becomes colorful and is introduced to the rest
of the world main street which was previously
a circuit that led back to its beginning again
now leads to other towns and cities while
preparing to leave jennifer chooses to stay
behind david returns to the real world using the
remote control after saying goodbye to margaret
he sees his mother crying in the kitchen
devastated over her life and her failed
relationship david comforts her
by saying that life isn't perfect
back in pleasantville citizens look much happier
with enjoying their colorful life and freedom
george asks what will happen next in the
park and betty admits that she doesn't know
when she asks george it is revealed that
bill is actually the one sitting beside her
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching